You shameless thief. In one of the top design schools in the country.
learned. Is it just to express other people’s works?
Nothing should be said. Then you tell me.
Why are your works exactly the same as mine?
Exactly the same. This is what I designed.
You said I was exactly the same as you.
Then take out yours. Let everyone compare and see.
Are they exactly the same? And we have all seen his works.
There is absolutely no way it could be a work designed by an inferior designer like you.
He obviously took away my design.
The design was also deleted. Funny.
You can't get anything out of it.
Just slander me with empty words
It's good for me. Is bullying something?
Zhang Xingxiao is now your team leader
This is how you treat his superior
Save Father